hiya folks is maximum Galaxy Nexus route
com so I've got a new round review for
my rooted galaxy nexus um I've got the
Manhattan rom this comes with a really
cool stuff actually I've been using the
0.3 which kind of sucked but it just
updated to our version 1.0 point 1
you'll have to flash the version 1 file
and then the one point I one right over
it it should work and I really love this
wrong let me give you you can overclock
it to 1.3 5 gigahertz and it also comes
with interactive ex-governor which I
really like quadrant scores or near 2000
or up which is great for icse I got 2075
of my last one I really like this wrong
it's very zippy it's going to give you a
better battery life um let's see
settings you get a Manhattan settings so
you can play with power notifications a
bunch of stuff you know clock color
battery percentage so you can change the
UM you can make the battery percentage
actually saying numbers and all kinds of
other cool neat little options you can
do so I really like this wrong and also
you can play with the LED notifications
also um set the color let's try green
and let's see what happens turn it off
should get the green location well I
don't have any notifications here I
think that's why but on also you can do
audio hacks you can do a add some bass
to your headphones and whatnot which is
kind of cool and other little things
here and there um but I I would say this
is a really good run for the Galaxy
Nexus over the stock rom and the one of
the better arms I've seen I've tried
that's why i'm posting this anyway that
was quick overview of manhattan wrong
highly recommended just flash the
version 1 and then one point I think 01
and then also flash the google apps and
you should be all ready to go and most
of the galaxy nexus you might not have
to do a wipe so just make a backup of
your current ROM and just flash the roms
over it that's what I've been doing and
you know that way you want to restore
all your apps and stuff anyway check it
out Manhattan wrong highly recommended
great wrong using on my galaxy nexus
gsm-only sorry forgot to tell you that I
see y'all later and subscribe
you